docs/examples/index.rst, before:

########
Examples
########

.. toctree::
    :caption: Examples with Synthetic Functions in R
    :maxdepth: 2

    Branin <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_branin.html>
    Branin Saasbo - High Dimensional Optimization <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_branin_saasbo.html>
    Hartmann6 <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_hartmann.html>
    Hartmann6 with Constraints <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_hartmann_param_constraints.html>
    Hartmann6 with Global Stopping Strategy <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_hartmann_stopping_strat.html>


.. toctree::
    :caption: Examples with Environmental Models
    :maxdepth: 2

    SWAT+ <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/swat_plus.html>
    FERTCH3.14 <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fetch.html>

.. toctree::
    :caption: Running Through the CLI (Command Line Interface)
    :maxdepth: 2

    example_py_run
    1run_r_streamlined
    2EDA_from_r_run


.. toctree::
    :caption: Running Directly in Python
    :maxdepth: 2

    1optimization_run
    2load_scheduler
    1moo_optimization_run
    2load_moo_scheduler


.. toctree::
    :caption: Processing Model Outputs from a Optimization of a Real Model
    :maxdepth: 2

    cached_notebooks/example_optimization_results

Commit message:

update docs to differentiate between this repo and BOA-paper repo

docs/examples/index.rst, after:

########
Examples
########

.. toctree::
    :caption: Examples with Synthetic Functions in R on the BOA Paper Examples Page
    :maxdepth: 2

    Branin <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_branin.html>
    Branin Saasbo - High Dimensional Optimization <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_branin_saasbo.html>
    Hartmann6 <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_hartmann.html>
    Hartmann6 with Constraints <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_hartmann_param_constraints.html>
    Hartmann6 with Global Stopping Strategy <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/r_hartmann_stopping_strat.html>


.. toctree::
    :caption: Examples with Environmental Models on the BOA Paper Examples Page
    :maxdepth: 2

    SWAT+ <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/swat_plus.html>
    FERTCH3.14 <https://boa-paper.readthedocs.io/en/latest/fetch.html>

.. toctree::
    :caption: Running Through the CLI (Command Line Interface)
    :maxdepth: 2

    example_py_run
    1run_r_streamlined
    2EDA_from_r_run


.. toctree::
    :caption: Running Directly in Python
    :maxdepth: 2

    1optimization_run
    2load_scheduler
    1moo_optimization_run
    2load_moo_scheduler


.. toctree::
    :caption: Processing Model Outputs from a Optimization of a Real Model
    :maxdepth: 2

    cached_notebooks/example_optimization_results
